This chapter documents the Backend for the OIL machine.

@section Legal

    This module is copyright in 2007 by Volker Barthelmann.

    This archive may be not be redistributed unless specified by
    separately purchased licenses.

    Certain modules may fall under additional copyrights.


@section Additional options for this module

This module provides no additional options.


@section General

This backend accepts OIL instructions as described in the
OIL manuals.

The target address type is 32bit.

Default alignment for sections and instructions is 2 bytes.

@section Extensions

This backend provides the following specific extensions:

@itemize @minus

@item
The @code{textelem}-directive will generate a data structure adhering to
a special format from a string operand.

Example:
@example
 textelem "This is an OIL string"
@end example

@item
 The @code{structure} pseudo opcode takes 4 operands (separated by commas)
of 8, 5, 5 and 14 bits respectively and will generate a 32bit word packed with
those operands.

Example:
@example
 structure 1,2,3,4
@end example

@end itemize

@section Optimizations

This backend performs no optimizations.


@section Known Problems

There are no known problems of this module at the moment.


@section Error Messages

This module has the following error messages:

@itemize @minus
@item 2001: illegal operand
@item 2002: <>: out of range
@item 2003: <>: unsupported relocation
@item 2005: data size not supported
@item 2006: , expected
@item 2007: " expected
@end itemize
